Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANZjUPUYE7s


Comment I replied to:
Just got this to work on an X200. Here's exactly what I did.

1. Power on laptop.

2. When display comes on, short SDA and SCL just a little before pressing F1 to
access the BIOS. The timing here was tricky and took me many tries. When I got
it correct, the computer would display errors like "EAIA access failed" and
"security: invalid remote change requested" (didn't write down the exact
messages)

3. After these errors, it would enter the BIOS. Keep the pins shorted. If the
timing was correct, when you access the Security->Password menu, the supervisor
password should say "disabled" IT IS NOT YET DISABLED

4. Keep the pins shorted, and open the change supervisor password box

5. Release the pins once the "enter new password" dialog appears. You must
release the pins for the changes you are about to make can be written to the
chip.

6. Enter a blank password in both boxes in the "change supervisor password"
menu.

7. Disable all over security options.

If you did it correctly, you can scroll around the menu and the supervisor
password will stay "disabled." The BIOS consults that chip when you move the
cursor, and if you didn't get it right, the setting will return to "enabled"
Save an exit, and the supervisor password should be cleared. The above took me
many tries, but with patience I got it.


My comment:
Dude, thank you so much. I almost just spent $40 on the stupid KeyMaker thing
to fix this. My process was a bit different from yours, so I'll explain what I
did (also on x200)

1) Power on laptop.

2) As soon as the display turns on, short the SDA and SCL pins, and then I
waited about half a second before hitting F1 to go into bios.

3) Two errors popped up, that said the same as yours. But also, it didn't go
into bios immediately. I had to hit F1 again. Before I did this, I took off the
jumper I had between the two, took a quick breath (as I've been mucking around
with this for the past two days), placed the jumper back on and very quickly
hit F1 to "enter setup".

4) It entered just fine. I held the jumper on until I got to the supervisor
password section, which said disabled.

5) Removed the jumper and pressed enter to change the password.

6) Entered both passwords empty, to clear it.

7) Pressed F10 to save and exit, and it rebooted perfectly fine, supervisor
password cleared.

Thanks for saving me from building an eeprom reader or buying an unnecessary
arduino mod to solve a problem that took a couple minutes and a lot of stress
:)
